hi everyone welcome back to analyze
makeup tutorial Channel
and a big happy 4th of July to all my
American followers so today I've done a
makeup inspired by the fourth of July
just for you guys so I'm going to show
you how to create this waving American
flag across your face okay let's get
started
I can't firstly I'm taking my blue face
paint from snazaroo and I'm drawing a
rectangle over one side of my face
covering one of my eyes and then I'm
filling that one in using that blue face
paint as well then I'm taking my red
face paint also from snazaroo and I'm
drawing lines reaching from the blue
rectangle to the other side of my face
and I'm drawing a little bump in the
line which is going to be where our flag
is waving once I've taken these to the
bottom of the blue rectangle I'm also
adding three more underneath the blue
rectangle as well I'm then going in with
some white face paint and adding in a
white line in between each red one it's
important to clean off your brush in
between each stroke here otherwise you
will end up with pink lines next I'm
taking this blue eye shadow from
sugarpill which is slightly darker than
the blue face paint that I used and I'm
just adding some shading onto that blue
rectangle I'm then taking this gray eye
shadow from madam glam and I'm using
this to apply some shading to the white
in the flag I'm just applying this
randomly across the white section until
there's at least a little bit of shading
on each line it's time taking this black
eye shadow from gorgeous cosmetics and
I'm applying a thin line down the whole
length of the flag on one side of the
bump once I've done this I'm then going
over the top of it with the red and
white facepaint and this seems a little
bit weird but it makes a really cool
effect for a faded wave in our flag and
then taking that black eye shadow once
again and applying another line down the
other side of the bump in the flag but
I'm not
actually fading this one out I'm going
to add some shading next to it which is
going to make it our prominent wave in
the flag I'm then taking some white
facepaint and adding in some stars on
top of the blue rectangle if you have
the patience by all means go ahead and
draw 50 stars but I just applied a few
random ones here and there this is also
because I'm really terrible at drawing
stars and I finished the look off by
drawing the letters USA onto my forehead
in the three colors that were used on
the flag now I was bound to get
something backwards of course and it was
a toss-up between having the USA
backwards or the flag backwards and I
figured it was better to have the USA
facing forwards so when you to the flag
make sure you flip it around and have
the rectangle on the other side of your
face
okay and there we have our completed 4th
of July American waving flag makeup
tutorial I thought this would be a
pretty cool one that you guys can wear
to your 4th of July celebrations this
year and if you enjoyed this one let me
know about giving this video a thumbs up
and don't forget to subscribe to my
channel for updates on all my new videos
which I do twice a week every single
week thank you so much for watching guys
and I will see you for the next tutorial
and don't forget weird is wonderful bye
analyzes